hey guys dr k here today's video is an
awesome exploration of finding the
origin of your psychological scars
or what your trigger points are
oftentimes people will have you know one
day and then the next day and on some
days your mental is completely busted on
other days
things don't seem to bother you as much
how does that work
today's video is an exploration of sort
of figuring out what are the trigger
points
that cause you to have a good day or a
bad day and the challenge here is that
this exploration usually isn't linear
so you all are going to see in the first
half of the video it feels like we're
kind of meandering and not really
getting anywhere
but that crystallizing moment comes from
mapping out all that territory and then
really putting the the puzzle together
in the second half so i hope you guys
enjoy the video and i hope it's helpful
okay you hear me yep i hear you great
buddy
okay what's going on what's going on man
oh nothing
um yeah so thanks for coming on i really
appreciate it
i i mean i appreciate you uh you guys
reaching out
um because i i've watched a bunch of uh
a bunch of your streams before and so
this is pretty cool
to actually get to talk to you yeah man
well i i hope it
you know i hope we can help you in some
way today uh if you need help that is or
at least
entertain you no i yeah
of course i think everyone needs help
yeah man you know
um so tell me to start off with what
would you
like me to call you today uh you could
just call me lois
down here yeah okay and lois can you
tell me um
a little bit about you know is there
anything that we you wanted to talk
about or focus on or maybe learn a
little bit more about
today explore together
yeah i mean so
i i i you guys reached out after like i
had like i tweeted uh
oh back to depression okay um
and i just want to put it out there that
like to anyone in the chat who
who you know has like diagnosed
depression or anything like i'm not
diagnosed i was just really like upset
that day you know what i mean
um so i just want to say like i don't
joke about that
um but i just was really feeling down
and
uh i think i guess what i want to talk
with you about was like
um why
so why can sometimes
comments and like the way people are
affect me and then sometimes literally
anyone can say whatever they want it
doesn't affect me at all
like that's like the thing that's like i
have i'm always like
trying to figure out um in my own head
so
you know maybe we could start with their
start there
lois dude that is such a brilliant
question man
really yeah man like it like think about
it right because it's like
it's so confusing because we think that
the world operates based on certain laws
like gravity always makes things fall
down right
and yeah and so what i'm hearing from
you is there are some days of the week
or some
states of mind that maybe you're in
where people's words like really
sweep past your armor and like hit
and then there are other times where
like you're able to kind of like shrug
things off
yeah like that's the perfect way to
describe it um
and then the other day when i did tweet
that that was one of the days where it
was just like
anything people were saying was just
completely disaffecting me um
and so it makes me think like is that
even what's affecting me
because if those words if things people
say don't affect me other days
you know what i mean so that's that's my
like question pretty much
yeah dude i'm serious i i it's it's one
of the most
important questions to ask because i
think the first thing to kind of
understand
is that it's not what they say
right there's there's like there's a
signal that gets broadcast
and then there's a receiver and what i'm
hearing from you is that the signal can
be the same
every single day but something changes
on the receiver
that allows that signal to come in and
that
receiver is you and so this is like the
reason i think that's such an important
question is because i
i want like people to understand that if
we really think about this
loss what we what we can discover is if
we can figure that out
if we can figure out how the receiver
works what we could also do is make
ourselves impervious to criticism
okay right okay yeah
if we can figure out the difference
between a day where their words
hurt and a day where you can shrug them
off
and we can figure out how that formula
works we can have
every day where you're immune to
criticism
i i would love that i'm sorry
something yeah i mean like that's why i
think the question is like really really
well formulated right because it's like
it's a very good
um i would love that i would love that
so let's start with this so let's
explore that i think it's great
um i'm just going to make a list of kind
of talk
talking points that we may have to
circle back to but
um so can you give me an example of of
you know like can you just tell us a
little bit about what kind of day you
were having or maybe
like you know let's get gather some data
about an example of each of those days
okay so um
i think the day that i was having that
day
was there was a lot of frustration
about things that had nothing to do with
any comments or anything
like that it was just one thing after
another after another
and then when i do finally like after
this stuff's already happening i go on
twitter
and um somebody
somebody had do you watch basketball or
do you watch star wars
yeah i mean i don't watch basketball
okay you know lebron yeah so i've been a
huge lebron fan since um
man since i was a little probably like
i'm 26 now so maybe
maybe i was like 13 years old or
something 13 years i don't know
but i've been a big fan for a while and
so
but what people love to do is you know a
part of trolling me
is whatever i enjoy or ever
whatever i show interest in whatever i
like hype up or anything
they try to just shoot it down you know
what i mean
and uh it's it's yeah i know it's it's
i've been getting trolled like this for
a while
um so you know lebron has a bad game or
something or
the the lakers lose or something i my
twitter mentions are all just like oh
uh like lebron's ass and you know you
know basically just talking [ __ ] and
just
and then so i kind of like responded to
one guy and i was like
you know i basically just disagreed with
him
and then i just got hit with like 300
replies of just
ever just like saying the craziest stuff
to me
um and it it it just
it became like it wasn't even saying
things about lebron it was just
just saying stuff to just get to me and
on other days where
would you say what were they saying oh
my god
i i mean can i say anything i don't want
to say you know
is sh can i curse on here uh yeah i
think so
just nothing against tos i mean okay
yeah we'll go to
okay well basically no it was just a lot
of just you know
insulting me insulting my intelligence
uh
insulting just me as a person uh
insulting lebron whatever
and like i said other days people
people uh talk [ __ ] about lebron all the
time like that doesn't
affect me like i see it all the time but
it would like i said it was just one of
those days where
um this was just like another
thing added on to it um and it was like
yeah i was basically going back and
forth with people and
i just felt like more people were
supporting like the dudes coming at me
than like me
so that just that just made me just more
mad
um but look in retrospect
on a different day where i'm in a really
good mood
i just i look at it like okay it's
twitter trolls just
you know yeah messing with me so that's
that's the the difference yeah so i
here's
here's i'm gonna tunnel down okay a
little bit so one is
you said you felt like there were more
people
you know attacking you than defending
you
yeah yeah right yeah so so the first
thing that i i think you used a really
good word there which is
felt so we'll we'll dig into like what
is that feeling
the second thing that that i want to
highlight is that
you know we're kind of focusing on a lot
of the details of this twitter stuff
but you actually started off this this
story with sort of saying there were
several things that were unrelated i was
frustrated about
you want me to tell you like the main
one or something
sure well i mean i think like let's
acknowledge that like when you enter the
twitter arena
your inventory was already full like
you're very close to being encumbered
yeah yeah yeah right so so i think
that's going to be a big part of it so
can can you tell and and by the way i
know sometimes we have like a call ahead
of time about like
boundary setting and stuff so if there's
anything that i ask you that you feel is
like not appropriate or out of line or
you don't want to share
you just let me know okay you can ask me
anything i um
okay i'm an open book um i
what's happened is um this happened a
few weeks ago and this is when i started
getting like upset
more and more um someone had
botted my twitch account like with a
bunch of followers like they bought it
at like 2 million followers or something
um and since then
there's been this weird thing happening
with with twitch with um
sending out like notifications people
not even getting notifications for my
stream anymore
and so you know it was just happening
every single day
and it would be like you know like i
follow your stream you went live i got a
notification
i was going live people wouldn't know
about it for like 15 minutes
and then other people would join really
late and be like oh i didn't even know
you were alive what's going on
so it was just it's like a thing where
it's like i feel like i have no control
over it
it was just really frustrating um and
then
yeah it was just making everything else
bad yeah sure
i it sounds like it sucks man like yeah
so let's just be a little bit clear
what was it that you had no control over
i mean like the technology of twitch
i don't know sure sure so that that in a
practical sense
uh obviously you have no control over
you know twitter and the guy who decided
to
bought me what was the random guy you
know i
let me think about how to ask this loss
and this is this is going to be like a
crappy
question so i you know apologize if it
doesn't make sense but
when we think about those things
obviously you don't have control over
those
but in those moments what i'm
envisioning
is those two events took something away
from you
yeah yeah what did they take away from
you
well it just felt like man i've been
streaming for almost six years on this
platform
and um you know we're trying to handle
it now i've been talking to some people
at twitch but
um yeah it just felt like damn like i
worked all all these years like hard
work
to just wow it could be like taken away
in some way not fully but like yeah in
some capacity
um you know and it just made me start to
think like
wow what if i got banned or something or
what if you know
everyone lost their notifications but
like it just i don't know it just gives
you bad thoughts
you know because i really care about you
a lot
so that's that's why i was making me
feel like that
what do you what do you care about a lot
um i care about my stream and
my you know community and and uh
you know growing and you know
in general you know yeah so tell what do
you what do you like about your stream
why do you care about your stream uh
they're they you know they they uh
it's kind of they like they have my back
even though i just said that whole story
about them not my back but that was like
twitter trolls about
basketball um in them for the most part
no they just they they have my back and
they they
show so much you know love and support
so
just the idea of like potentially losing
even like one percent of that just
really upset me
sure yeah
can i think for a second lois yeah go go
ahead
[Music]
who were you six years ago
uh i don't know how to let me let me let
me think um
oh no six years ago
six years ago i didn't really use the
internet like that i would watch like
occasional youtube
prank prank videos or something like i
didn't really use the internet
um people weren't really streaming i was
going to school
and i was working at a hospital um
and then yeah i just i i i found twitch
one day
and uh you know i've loved it ever since
you know what
what do you love about twitch i just
love the
the the
i have a lot of like youtube friends and
i compared to like
youtube is cool but like the the thing
with streaming is like the instant
reaction and instant like
you know feedback from people um
it's just it feels more like together so
um yeah i i like i like the
the live aspect of streaming
sure and what kind of stuff do you
stream lois
um i stream all kinds of stuff i've done
a bunch of stuff over the years like i
do a lot of just chatting now
um i do different games
i'm pretty much all over the place i
don't have like a set thing it's more
variety
sure yeah um
yeah so let me just and when you said
like you were kind of feeling like back
to the depression again i
i recognize and appreciate kind of your
um desire to be sort of compassionate
and and sort of not claim that you have
kind of you know you go through maybe
the same struggles that other people
clinical depression go through
and at the same time i mean i i think
that um
you know you're allowed to be depressed
just because no one diagnosed you right
you're allowed to have a bad day and
feel down and in the dumps
yeah and i just wouldn't want to call me
having a bad day like
what people go through just on a daily
basis without even anything frustrating
though
um you know so that's why i wanted to
say that can you
can you help me understand when you said
back to the depression
what you what that felt like to you or
what you call
because you said back to the depression
so what i'm hearing there is that like
you know it's a place where you have
you've been before
it's a place it's a place i've gone
before
tell me about that place it's just not a
good place like it's just the worst
feelings you know i mean
um and it's it literally just
affects my mood it affects like how i
talk to people or like interact with
people or how so
i i get really like a short like
like um i get like a temper almost or
like a
like i lose patience easily um
so like someone could say the most
innocent question to me or
and i could like get offended by it or
so like you know what i mean so
it's just like an overall bad mood and
i'm just like not feeling good
and yeah and and what what is it like in
what is it that your mind tells you in
those moments where someone's like
behaving innocently towards you and
and your mind like turns it into
something else
i i think it's i'm i'm so annoyed
that like just anything even if it is
the most innocent thing
is just i can't handle any more in that
moment like i'm too too much stuff is
just going on in my head
where i'm like i can't even talk i can't
even talk to you i can't i can't
i'm with you so so you're encumbered
got too much in your inventory yeah i
don't know that word but yeah
okay yeah sorry it's it's like an rpg
gaming term where
um so like in you know an rpg is like
you've got your inventory
it's got like 30 slots and then what
happens is if you have like too much
weight in your inventory then you like
walk slow
you know so it's kind of like it means
that you're like you're carrying too
much
and you don't have space for anything
else that's really what i'm hearing from
you
yeah and they have no bad intention it's
just me
you know you just can't handle whatever
even if it's not
you know if my inventory is full even if
someone wants to give me like a piece of
pie like i can't hold anymore like i
don't have room for your pie
i understand you're trying to be nice
but i don't want your pie
you know it's perfect perfect analogy
and and so what is in your mind that you
don't have room for anything else do you
remember
well if i'm thinking on those moments it
is like a level of like
worry i think okay because like i said
you know the the it's just gonna go back
to normal like
the way my twitch is operated for five
plus years
just like the doubt and the just
worrying
and hope of that particular situation
yeah and and what what
where are you afraid of going to
like so when i'm here when i hear worry
you're like is it going to go back to
normal if it doesn't go back to normal
i imagine that your mind kind of like
projects something sort of nebulous or
maybe it's even a feeling
of where would you return to if things
did not go well
it might be like a and i and i
i think this is an irrational fear but
just like
oh i have to like restart or like all
these years i put into it like what if
that was for nothing
just that kind of that kind of feeling
um what makes you think that's
irrational
i think it's irrational because if i
take a step back and i think about it
like i have all these people who
who love and support me so like if
something
happened on my notification like that
wouldn't be the end of the of the world
sure um i just the fear was like
more casual people or people who maybe
they don't have twitters and they don't
know when i go live or you know what i
mean like
um just kind of the casual viewer
because i've i've been
personally i've been like subscribed to
a youtuber and then gotten like unsub
from them or i don't see their videos
anymore
and you kind of just like forget you
like forget almost you know
if you're not like a huge fan of them
and go seek them out
um so that was like that's like the fear
of like
you you oh wow no one's getting
notifications like what are people going
to just forget
like um so that was that's
yeah that was forgotten before
i'm sure i'm sure from some people i
mean
i can't really i don't know the answer
that um okay
i've never felt forgotten before during
doing this twitch
stuff what about before twitch
i don't know i don't know maybe some
friendships maybe
okay maybe that's that's the only thing
i could really think of
so los i'm gonna go ahead and just pause
for a second and kind of like
repeat back to you what i'm hearing and
how i'm thinking about this conversation
and then i'd love to hear from you
whether you think like we're kind of
whether it's accurate whether it feels
like it's moving in the right direction
okay so the first thing is that
um you know you were relatively new to
the internet
six years ago you discovered twitch
you'd been following youtubers and other
content creators it sounds like you
started streaming
you really really appreciate kind of
like the live interaction the kind of
feedback you know it's not like you're
just
watching this thing that like is sitting
on a shelf in the youtube
you know data center that will always
exist there until the end of time it's
like there's real people there
and what i'm hearing from you is that
like you've really come to appreciate
you're not like
really streaming for you what i'm really
feeling is that it's not really about
a particular game or a particular kind
of thing you know some streamers like
have their
thing like i have like a thing that i
stream for right
like i'm like a one-trick pony and and
what i hear from you is that for you
it's really about like the community and
that like you've built a group of people
that you really enjoy interacting with
i would imagine you support them quite a
bit it sounds like they certainly
support you quite a bit
yeah um and and then sometimes what
happens is like
like things will start to happen and
you'll kind of get frustrated
and what i'm hearing is that frustration
is sort of built on
kind of a loss of control and this is
going to be kind of an important nuance
because i don't think it's a lack of
control i think it's a loss of control
um and that you've sort of worked really
hard to get to where you
are uh you know you've
and the thought of like losing something
being forgotten
um the thought of like building
something up
and having that taken away from you and
i think that's kind of like a subtle
theme that i'm hearing here is that it's
not about the lack of something
it's like i'm gonna put all my energy
and effort into building the stream
building this community and then it's
gonna get like
i'm gonna lose it and yeah
and and those kinds of thoughts are kind
of floating around in your head
and i'm also hearing that you actually
handle those thoughts pretty well
i know it sounds weird but like that you
can manage that you recognize that
you're feeling down you're feeling
frustrated you have a short temper
those thoughts kind of occupy your space
but you can hold them right like you can
handle that
and then it's really like this
additional stuff piled on top
that really feels too much
whether it's other conversations
whether it's twitter trolls i'm really
kind of getting this
this sense of like straw that broke the
camel's back where like you can handle a
lot of frustration
but then you kind of reach your breaking
point and then then
i think this kind of goes back to your
original question which is why is it
that some days the
twitter trolls bother me and some days
they don't what i'm sort of hearing from
you
is it kind of depends on how much you're
carrying at the start of that day
yeah i yeah that's
and one thing i before i lose before i i
don't want to get off the
train of thought but i might lose this
um
when i said back to depression the the
thought of like losing or whatever
uh recently well not recently but before
that like months ago
i had like the you know when the dmca
stuff was happening
um i got two dmc strikes i had to delete
everything i couldn't play music anymore
so that was like the that was like the
first time i started feeling like that
the thought of like oh wow like it could
actually like i could be banned
or i could actually lose that for real
so when this thing happened
it just brought me back to that same
kind of feeling um
so that's i think that's where like i
just wrote back to depression that's
i think the back too ah
yeah that's really important yeah
so so what i'm almost hearing um lost
there is that you sort of had a
traumatic experience
and you're almost like
it's almost like i know this word gets
tossed around a lot
but it almost feels to me like a trigger
could be yeah so so let me explain to
you what i mean by trigger which i i
mean i think the word gets tossed around
so you know when i work with like
veterans so i worked with veterans like
that were in the iraq and afghanistan
war
and so like they have particular
experiences that make them feel a
certain way like you know they
like someone detonates a bomb for
example
and then what happens is they'll be like
walking down the parking lot of a home
depot
and then they'll hear like a truck
muffler kind of go bang
and what happens is like that
experience opens up this door in their
mind where a flood of emotions
feelings memories worries like then
suddenly
comes out and it occupies their mind and
it's kind of they're
like they're transported back there this
is the idea of a flashback in ptsd
yeah yeah and then like when they're in
that state of mind they also feel
like their mood is heavily affected they
have a short temper
you know all kinds of other things but
and the other interesting thing that
you know it's really interesting to hear
you say that because
the other interesting thing if you
really look at ptsd i'm not saying you
have ptsd i'm just talking about
sort of that as an extreme i don't want
to compare my twitch problems to like
yeah so so i'll explain what i mean by
that uh by the comparison and why
why it's important to make but what i'm
hearing is a is
a similar pattern but a very different
intensity
right but like the fundamental
neuroscience of our brain
sort of recalling up relevant emotions
happens to all of us
right so you don't you can experience
trauma and not have ptsd ptsd is a
clinical condition
but all of us can be traumatized and
whether it turns into a full-blown
clinical
illness is like a separate thing but you
know the mechanism of trauma in your
mind is the same as the mechanism of
trauma
in someone with ptsd it's the size of
the trauma that results in ptsd
versus not ptsd okay does that make
sense
but what i'm still hearing you say is
that like it actually sounds to me like
you had sort of a traumatic experience
around the dmca stuff and then it's like
these moments are kind of transporting
you back to like
i could lose it all yeah yeah
that's like worst case scenario you know
mindset
would you say that um this issue of sort
of being really frustrated and things
bothering you does that predate the dmca
stuff or has that been since the dmca
stuff
um if we're just going strictly off of
off of how i feel with twitch i think
um i've been like suspended before
but i've never really had that like it
was always like 24 hours or something
like that
i never really had the feelings that i
do about this and the dmca so i think
i think the dmc it was the first time
where i was like wow cause i i
had to delete all my like clips from my
twitch
and that's like memories i want to you
know
show my kids one day or something you
know what i mean um
or just always have to look back at yeah
so it was just like what did you do it
was
during the dmca thing well
i was getting i was getting strikes from
like
old clips from like 2017
stuff like that so the the the solution
that was being given to
all the streamers was yeah delete all
your twitch and all your clips and bonds
um so i did i did it because i was like
all right well
these are memories but i'd rather not
lose my entire
channel um so i had to make that
decision
but you know and then even after that
decision it's like okay well now
you got to worry about you can't play
anything copyright in your stream
because then
three strikes are out like you'll get
permabed so that was just like a
constant
you know stressful thing too um
so yeah that's those are just two things
i've dealt with with on the twitch
side so from a dmca standpoint i mean i
understand you had to delete
those those vods and clips and whatnot
but
i'm going to kind of ask you a question
again in sort of a slightly different
manner like what did you what did you
lose right so you said memories
like you talked about showing these
potentially to your kids
one day yeah i mean you know
it's it's just them all
it was like i could always look back
from where it started
i can go to like you know what was i
doing in 2018 2019 like i can go through
these
and now it's really just um you know i
just gotta hope that there's like clips
or videos on youtube somewhere and
you know that's that's that's what
that's
that was um what i lost was that it's
all in one place on my channel
i could look back people could look back
people can go to the beginning
you know what's the value of going to
the beginning being able to look back
oh man i mean
the same reason people have peop you
know people
had uh um what's it uh what's it called
what's it when when i it's like an old
thing people take pictures and they have
like a
well i don't know what it's called i'm
like a screen blanking out like a
scrapbook maybe i don't know
but my mom would yeah like a fallout
yeah i'm dumb
um yeah like you know people make photo
albums same reason people take pictures
and videos
when they're on vacations or you know
whatever like it's the same thing it's
like
this is my version of that um
you know my looking back at friends and
you know even family too i've had my
family on here
yeah so it's you know the memories just
kind of just hadn't had to get rid of
them to you know save the channel
yeah yeah so los i'm going to ask you a
couple of really hard questions because
they're really really simple and really
really fundamental
and i think you're giving good answers
so
i think it's interesting because what
i'm hearing from you is that you had to
sacrifice your history
for your survival
right like you had to give up like
you know we all care about like albums
and where we came from
in our journey and that's like an
important part of who we are
and what i'm hearing you say is that you
really had to like
axe it you know yeah
yeah what was it what did it feel like
to do that
um it was really just a
sad feeling it was just sad i like
you know i didn't cry or anything like
crazy
i just was just really upset about it
and uh
it kind of happened really quick so i
got one strike and i didn't really
think anything i was like all right
everyone gets like a strike but then
like i got a second one i was like oh my
god like i gotta act now
you know so it was kind of just like i
just it was like
do or die type thing um
so yeah i just had to do it yeah it just
didn't feel good and
i don't know and then just looking at my
channel after that
it just like felt weird because you know
like you can click your top
clips and it shows like it's it'll be
like a clip from last year two years
whatever
i just had none of that so i just i
don't know i just felt it just felt
different
um for the first time in like years of
streaming
yeah so um
i'm noticing you're using words like sad
weird and different
so what we're gonna try to do is is you
know especially as men
and especially on platforms like twitch
like we don't have a very
like we're not really taught good
emotional vocabulary
so if it's okay with you lose i'm going
to try to toss out a couple of words and
maybe maybe we can explore
what is weird and different is that okay
so the first thing is you know i had a i
had a patient once who was kind of
telling me about like
furniture that got repossessed from
their house
and like that sounds kind of weird but
what i'm hearing from you kind of
reminds me of that conversation where it
was like
i remember talking to that person it's
like the creditors came in
and like this was their home right this
is what they had like built up and
accrued
and like one day people showed up and
they started like
unplugging televisions and like taking
them out of the house
and they started taking like furniture
and it's awful and and i know that
you're very sensitive about making
comparisons about
you know how bad you have it versus how
bad other people have it i respect that
we'll get to that maybe
but what i'm sort of what i'm sort of
envisioning is like when you look at
your top clips and it's like
it's all empty it actually reminds me
that conversation
that i had with that person years ago
about like you sort of you know walk
into your
this space that you spent six
years of your life like creating these
moments and like someone has come in and
like
like they're like movers are coming in
and like you're like deleting these
clips and it feels empty
like what i'm hearing is really a
feeling of emptiness
and loss yeah
is that how you feel yeah that's how i
feel
and um you know a lot of people were
like oh you could like save
clips and stuff and like i saved a few
clips but
i mean we're talking about like
terabytes worth of
you know data or whatever clips whatever
so i just i didn't have that luxury i
just had to just delete
um so it's but even if i could save all
of them
i would still in a way feel the same way
because it's just it's not out there for
anyone to look at or like right where it
was
um i'd have to like go into like files
on the computer and like look at like
i don't know like just like random dates
or something it's just
it's different it's just different um
so yeah that's yeah i'm hearing that
those
those clips don't just exist for you
yeah yeah they're not just for me it's
not just for me no those are moments
that you had with your community that
are that are sort of important for them
and like important to be shared and
things like that
that's six years of classic funny
moments
just you know just things that
yeah it's in the moment and uh yeah
they're just they're gone
how does it feel talking about this
dude like it like it kind of sucks like
now i'm thinking about it
like damn yeah like uh
i've been kind of like just trying to
like pretend that that didn't happen
but i mean you know in reality it did
and
and i think this might sound kind of
messed up but like i feel like if
every single streamer if this happened
to everyone it'd be like oh damn okay
like we're all in this together type
thing like everyone had to delete
everything
but like i see all these people who you
know this didn't happen to them and
you know people have always been playing
music and stuff like that so
i i i know that sounds kind of messed up
because i'm like i don't
wish this on anyone but i'm just like i
feel like
i would you know me and then other
people were like
the ones that you know had to pay for
this and
you know other people it didn't affect
them and it's like
i don't know i don't know if that's like
a way to look at it but i'm just like
damn like
you know why couldn't i get lucky you
know what i mean
sure and not have it in me um
so yes so here's here's what i'm hearing
and i i i'm glad
los i'm really glad you shared that
because i i see where you're coming from
in terms of like
i'm i'm definitely not hearing from you
that you wish that other people had
gotten screwed too
what i'm really hearing from you is is
that you actually kind of feel like
alone and isolated
you know and and that you sort of don't
have someone to go
through this with
what do you think yeah yeah i mean i've
seen
other streamers that they had to to do
this but it's it's kind of
it's it's people i don't even know it's
like
a few people that i've even seen like on
twitter or something
um but people that i'm close with and
other streamers i really know like that
really
didn't this didn't even affect them yeah
so what's it like to have you know
people that you're close with not be
able to understand what you're going
through
not being able to talk about it with
them oh man well
yeah that's that's something i've dealt
with for a while because
you know up until recently kind of
streaming and youtube internet
type stuff was kind of tab not taboo but
like kind of like
people didn't really understand it or
even want to understand it so
a lot of problems i would have or like
issues or
uh things i'd i'd feel because of the
stream or
i wouldn't even be able to like talk to
people about this to be honest
a select few of my friends knew about it
um
now it's get it's getting different more
people are getting into it but um
yeah it's it's kind of that same feeling
of when i first was streaming
and not really having anyone to like
talk to about like these like
kind of intricate weird things that
yeah it's not you know it's not like a
well-known
thing yet yeah
i can see why the community and and like
the love and support of the community
and the connection with the community
can
feel so valuable to you because it
sounds like you know you've
been actually kind of isolated or
isolation isn't anything new to you
let me put it that way yeah yeah i've
dealt with isolation
yeah um i'm i'm kind of curious about
that but i just want to toss one thing
out there so i
you know i asked you like how does it
feel talking about this and you were
like
kind of sucks
and so let me just explain for a second
so i think that that
unfortunately is how it is and i think
actually that's what healing
looks like so in my experience
when we have something really difficult
happen to us what our mind tries to do
is push
it away and then what happens is like we
find
in and that actually is sort of the
answer to your first question which is
you know why do i have some days where
things bother me and other days where
things
don't it's because you're carrying
around all of this stuff in your
subconscious
and so you're kind of at capacity your
arms are full
and then like you're not really
consciously aware of it because you've
actually
purposely blocked it away right you try
to ignore it you try to pretend it's not
there
you try not to think about it because
anytime you think about it you just get
sad
and so as we push those emotions into
our subconscious
what they do is shorten our fuse that
shorten our conscious views
because a lot of that fuse is being
taken up by our subconscious does that
kind of make sense
interesting right so like we're shoving
it all to the side but we're still
carrying it mm-hmm and
and so the process of healing is
actually bringing it into our conscious
mind
sitting with those feelings feeling with
those feelings
and then like letting them go and then
the cool thing
is that like as you suffer that pain
here and now
we're gonna metabolize it we're gonna
digest it
and then like if you do this for a
little while
you'll start snapping at people less
yeah it's just that's good um and but i
think the downside is that like
you know you it sounds kind of weird but
you you've signed yourself
up for a certain amount of hurt and so
what we can do is try to process that
hurt in sort of as healthy
and minimal of a man manner as possible
but you have to work through that energy
it's like kind of like this weird karmic
sort of thing
okay right when when you like when
you've built something for six years
and you have to like go through and
[ __ ] delete it so that no one can
ever see it again
like you can't just you know there's
like there's a price there's an
emotional price that you've got to pay
and we can try to make it yeah and i and
i felt like
this might sound really traumatic and
i'm not trying to
again the comparisons but i feel like
there was no
morning period if that makes sense i'm
not trying to compare again anyone who's
lost
someone or any you know any pad or
anything
uh you guys say that word where is it
it's grief can you see it i don't know i
don't know
yeah yeah yeah right so i think that's
what we're talking about
yeah cause i feel like it happened and
then it was like
you know the when the people come to my
stream they wanna you know they just
wanna be entertained and
you know they don't wanna talk about you
know like sad things like oh i'll never
be able to see the clip from three years
ago that i love there's you know what i
mean
so like i would i just had to like after
that just snap into like okay now i
gotta just stream and act like
everything's fine
meanwhile uh all the clips are gone i
can't play any music
which i've been playing for years on the
stream it's a big you know music is a
huge part of
my life and a lot of people's life um so
it's just and then and then i had to
like be you know in stream mode
entertainment mode um
and i and i think uh i think i had some
streams where i was kind of
out of it um because of that
i think and uh
yeah because there was no really
mourning or anything like that people
just like oh that sucks but like all
right entertain
entertain now you know dance monkey
dance yeah
yeah which they don't mean that listen
you guys in the chat like i know like
they don't mean it they just that's what
they they you know they want to be
entertained
yeah well when they come in so i know it
sounds kind of weird but i i think that
the biggest person who's telling you to
do that is not
your chat it's you
hmm you think
yeah right because when you say you
didn't have time to mourn who wouldn't
let you mourn
that that is true that is true but then
so why is that then
you know like why i don't know
why did i not want to mourn or i don't
know well i think a couple of things
right so
here's what i would say one is that
you tried to push it away because it
hurt to sit with it
which is a completely normal thing so no
one wants to mourn
it's just we have to second thing is
that i can imagine that you know
when your channel takes a hit
you have a voice inside you which is
responsible for your success which is
basically telling you to dance monkey
dance
and on some days you know
it it's i mean we all carry it like i
have it too
today is actually one of those days oh
no and and so but like that's that's
it's what we sign up for
right it's like there's like it's the
commitment that we make it's like
it's not just streamers like we all like
a lot of times our harshest
harshest critics or the people who don't
cut a slack
is ourselves true like it's really
fascinating and really sad that like you
know you'll cut slack to your friends
like if your friends have a bad day if
they get fired
if they get dumped you know there's
other fish in the sea
like you know you'll be okay like you're
a good guy but like when you get dumped
like what does your mind tell you
exactly yeah right yeah
and so because i i i i hear you it
sounds like your community is awesome
and super supportive and they like care
about you a lot but like you hold
yourself to a standard
when your channel gets a hit and your
mind starts telling you
you know this could be the beginning of
the end that's when you're like
i don't get to mourn i don't take a
break i just lost all my clips i can't
lose
being high energy on stream too
yeah uh
yeah i i was gonna say something i
completely forgot
totally fine let me actually i'm gonna i
have a notepad so i can
if i remember something
okay all right um
yeah so i think what's it gonna
i'll i'll i'll come back to it i'll i'll
try to remember it but yeah we can
we can keep going um you know i think
those are great points i think those are
great points
and it's like i don't even what you're
saying i don't even think about that
you know like it's just like okay i turn
on the stream i gotta stream
it's like it's just like instinctual
now when i turn on stream i gotta be you
know
a certain way yeah um
yeah so that's yeah so so you kind of
say
instinctual i would toss out a slightly
different word i would say habitual
issue okay yeah right and i think
because that's what you've
trained yourself to do and
and i think so this is where like i
think part of the reason that you know
we we have talks like this loss is
because i think that like
it's my belief that actually the most
successful loss
and and the the lows that your chat kind
of i mean they love you in all
in all of your dimensions but i think
that like what we come here to do
organically on twitch happens the best
when you're the healthiest and happiest
and part of that involves learning how
to break some of these habits and
learning how to take time for yourself
learning how to sit with some of that
negativity processing some of that
negativity
yeah and as you work through that stuff
i think that like basically
stuff will slip under the armor less
yeah you know what i feel that a lot
with
is when when i am
like when i'm like working out all the
time eating good and stuff and i'm
feeling good
i feel amazing on stream but i recently
got like a
like a back injury so i haven't been
able to really work out i've just been
like kind of like
i've been like lazy on all the you know
the eating good all this stuff
so like there'll just be days when you
know like if you eat bad and like you
just feel
bad some days um i i know people in the
chat can relate to that
like that'll that'll be another thing
that kind of like um
will just it'll just make me mad i'm not
even mad about like comments
it's like me being like mad at myself
about
like oh well you could have easily
just eaten good today and you know or
worked out today and you would feel
great but you decided to
eat a burger you know what i mean um
so that's like this similar thing to
like
having frustration build up that's like
something else in that day i was also
feeling that too
i remember um so it was literally like
everything possible happened in one day
yeah so yeah
so it sounds like you beat yourself up
i was completely beating myself up my
girlfriend was like why are you doing
like why are you
you know being like so hard on yourself
you know and i was just like oh you
don't understand like whatever
tell us tell us what what your mind was
telling
you that she didn't understand
i just i just think it was it's kind of
like um
even if i try to explain in great detail
i just feel like there's no way to
explain
how much like the stream and this stuff
like means to me
you know what i mean like i i feel like
i could go on for 30 minutes trying to
explain it but there it would really it
wouldn't really do it justice
yeah so here here's what i'm hearing no
matter how hard you try
no one will be able to understand
why i have to get that deep though like
i i don't is it that deep i don't know
is that what the feeling is
i mean i think for this particular thing
i think it's fine yeah so
so let's learn how to be non-judgmental
with our feelings okay like i i asked
that question you're like [ __ ]
like why does it have to be like if
that's what you feel like let's call it
what it is bro like then we can work on
it
okay yeah i'm down i'm down and so so
here's
how so like i know this is gonna sound
kind of weird maybe we can ask chat
because this is sort of a read my mind
question and i i'm just gonna throw you
some real
you know curveballs here fastballs
so like what is the word that we use to
describe someone
who no matter how hard they explain no
one will be able to understand
misunderstood that's a good one not the
one that i was thinking of but that's
actually probably a more accurate term
okay right right so i'm not hearing that
you're misunderstood
subtly uh like it's not that you're
misunderstood
it's not that she understands one thing
and that's the wrong thing it's that she
can't understand
right she's never gonna be able to
understand
yeah and so what i'm really hearing
there is like you're alone
i i i i think alone
with i think it goes back to what we
were saying about like those feelings
about having people to relate to them so
it's like she doesn't do any of this
she's not a streamer she
she's not in that world you know so
if i'm talking to her about this or she
or she's like oh what's wrong it's like
i just feel like there's no real
like point to like explain
the whole i don't know i don't know that
sounds kind of messed up saying it out
loud but
don't judge just say it we'll work
through it no yeah i just feel like
you know it's
it's something that i can't i just can't
explain it's
i don't know i don't know i don't know
what it is i don't know i don't know how
to
describe it that's what you're that
you're i don't know i don't understand
right that's what i'm here for so so i
think you're doing a great job lose
i think you're describing it way better
than you think you are
okay so i think this is a confusing
thing
oh [ __ ] this is gonna be weird but
you're actually describing it very well
but remember that there's a voice in
your head
telling you that no one can understand
okay so you think that you're not
describing it well
yeah but the very voice in your head
tells you
no one can understand so like you can't
describe it properly
do you see that yeah
even now it's acting in this
conversation where
you feel like your words are
insufficient to convey
what you're going through why is that
brilliant questions from right so this
is where like now we get
to like answers okay so tell me what it
was like
when you started streaming and people
didn't understand what you did
oh man i had a lot of i had one i had my
best friend
at one point um
and my cousin i remember i'll never
forget this it was
i think i had been streaming for like
maybe a year um
and they and we were in a pizzeria and
they were like what are you doing with
this like
because because i wouldn't i would stay
in most nights and stream
a lot of people be going out doing stuff
and i'd i'd stay in i
i you know what are you doing with this
like this is gonna die in like a year or
two like you need to like you know
you know focus on uh you know what's
important and stuff like that
so a lot of people who weren't
in the streaming or youtube internet
world whatever
they just didn't understand it um
so and then and then it would be like
you know i have a girlfriend now but
before her
any girl who i would talk to
it was almost impossible like trying to
get them to understand like what exactly
you know i i did to the point where i
would even
i i i would just lie at that point and
just be like yeah no i do stocks online
um i'm like a i'm a day trader
uh i would just say i'm into like
technology i do like
stuff on the computers because it was
just it was just too like
i don't feel like explaining this whole
thing every time i meet so you know what
i mean
now i do feel like it's it's getting
more well-known but i just think
yeah there was there was a long period
of time where it was just like
you know not a lot of people really
understood
so lois it's not that a lot of people
didn't understand
what i'm hearing this is what i want you
to think about what does it do to
someone
when the closest people to them
don't understand can't understand won't
understand
won't try to understand i i think it's
something where it's
it's like you wanna
you wanna relate with the people you're
closest with about like
you know everything i think you know
yeah so if you can't relate about a
major thing
in your life it kind of makes like a
separation
yep or like yeah puts up like a little
little wall or something
yep yeah is that how you feel
is that how you felt when you got dmcad
and your close streamer felt
friends didn't um
yeah yeah i felt like it was
it was the same like just alone just
damn
you know damn and uh
tell me more that's the feeling just
damn like this
you know this sucks this sucks i wish
this didn't happen to me
you know that kind of feeling what did
you wish
i mean just
that it didn't happen you know yeah and
i think this is where we get to some of
the things where
you know this is going to sound kind of
messed up i'm going to repeat back some
of your words but like in a weird way
like
you wish that it happened to them too
like not because you wanted them to hurt
them but you wish that there was someone
out there
that could understand that could get
over that wall
you know like it was on your side of the
wall
if this happened to one of my close
streamer friends or someone even someone
i remotely knew
i'm sure we would have had like you know
conversation about this and
that would have probably helped you know
yeah something like that i'm sure we
would have many conversations
um and but that just didn't happen
and i just felt like damn like i just
see everyone like having so much fun
like like business as usual nothing
happened and then i'm just over here
like damn
you know yeah you know my whole stream's
changed in a
in a heartbeat you know
so i i want to kind of go back to you
know people are curious about
where a lot of our psychological
patterns come from
um you kind of said i'll never forget
dot dot like you said there it was like
y'all were in a pizzeria
with your best friend and one of your
other friends like you'll never forget
that moment i'll never forget it because
they
actually now to this day they brought
that back up like wow remember when we
said
we said that and you know now look at
you um and then
how does that conversation go
that conversation was just like you know
i'll kind of sometimes be like i told
you like i
i i wouldn't be wasting my time doing
something i didn't believe in or you
know
just stuff like that how do you feel
this hard question loss
how do you feel when they say remember
that conversation in the pizzeria
i feel proud that i did that it didn't
go that way
yep that they what else do you feel
uh i feel a sense of accomplishment
now this is where i get to be an
arrogant prick
okay because i'm going to assume for
most of the time i listen
and i'm like oh lois how do you feel bro
tell me your feelings this is where i'm
going to tell you
how i think you feel and if you say you
don't feel this way i'd say you're in
denial
okay i think you i think you feel pissed
elaborate well because like
it's not just about pride and
accomplishment right it's like you
[ __ ] like i was trying to explain
this to you back then
and i needed y'all to understand and
like now you guys are joking about it
but like that conversation wasn't funny
yeah yeah yeah
yeah i i yeah i agree
because i do remember in that moment
being like damn like
you know i i would hope i would i i
would wish
when i'm one of my best friends my
cousin would believe
in me you know what i mean um but i
i in that moment i didn't have that
support
yep yeah and so then sure like i get
that there's this
i'm not trying to say damn this much
it's just i honestly my reaction is damn
that's just my reaction to a lot of
things i ignore
so like this this is where like i think
we've got to be like this is part of
that processing right because like
here's what i'm hearing like it sort of
makes sense you're kind of like
macho these are your bros and you're
like i showed you [ __ ]
you know i was right all along like i
get that
but there's like a subtle underside to
that coin which is like
when i needed y'all to believe in me
like sure i showed you that you were
wrong but like
it's not a competition where you show
them who's wrong like
they're joking about it and they're like
you see how stupid we were like i get
that there's value there but there's
like
a subtle other thing which is like i
don't need you to believe in me now
like i have three million followers on
twitch
what i needed you to do was believe in
me back then
um yeah
what do you think about that um
i i think that i wasn't even
i don't think that i even thought um
i had that feeling until you kind of
just said that and it's kind of
it it's kind of like in my head's like
yeah it would it would have felt a lot
better
back then when i was trying to do this
to have more people
you know support and understand it yeah
um so i even i had another friend who
um really kind of just like roasted this
whole thing
and now you know they've
recently visited my new house and
they're like
this this is from the streaming i'm like
yeah
and and now now they now they're so
interested i'm getting a hundred
questions about it now
but you know back then it was it was a
different thing it was like yo why
aren't you coming out like why aren't
you coming out tonight like
and uh yeah so
but you know i don't i don't think i'm
pissed i don't think i'm pissed
i i think it would
it would have been nice to have
more support but i'm i'm glad the way
for the most part things worked out you
know yeah so lois i think that's an
incredibly mature way of looking at it
you know i commend you for
being a better human than i um
and and and so and at the same time i
think that like
you know if you really want to let some
of this stuff go if you ask you ask me
the question like why does my mind do
that like this is the way that you undo
it because i think there is a part of
your mind
pissed maybe not but i think that
there's certainly a part of your mind
that felt
hurt by their lack of faith
right and oftentimes anger
actually has its root in being hurt
and so i think it's easier to detect for
most people
it's easier to detect the anger than it
is for them to detect the hurt but if
you're able to follow that anger down to
the hurt
it makes sense to me that you're not
actively pissed because usually
anger masquerades like right it's like
if if i get you know
if if my significant other my girlfriend
says something like that is very hurtful
to me like i'm gonna get mad at her
right it's just like it's how we respond
to being hurt like when when you hit me
like i'm gonna hit back
and so i i think i know this sounds
really really bizarre but like
um you know at some point it may be
worthwhile like having
sort of a conversation where you like
let some of this go
and this can sound hard but like
sometimes it's like actually sitting
down with those people and saying like
you remember that conversation in the
pizzeria like
i was really trying something new and i
wasn't sure of myself but i thought i
was onto something
and like i really felt like y'all
you know you guys were trying to do the
best that you could
but at the same time i felt like really
hurt and isolated and like i was trying
to share this part of my life with you
and i needed some
help and support and i sort of like
didn't get it
and but do you think too that they maybe
could have been
actually they thought they were looking
out for me sure
absolutely i think they they did think
they were looking out for you
and that's why you guys need to have a
conversation you can acknowledge that
like i think i
even now if you go back and watch the
bot i think i said y'all did the best
that you thought you could
and it still hurt right and i think that
like
acknowledging that is really healthy
you're not necessarily blaming them
what you're doing is like remember the
goal here
is not to like blame or fix things i
know it sounds weird lois but the goal
is to take down
down that wall that's between you and
other people
and put taking down that wall i'll just
kind of give you a quick example so
i was uh working with a a family
actually so the
parents have one special needs child and
one
neurotypical child and like what what is
neurotypical
like non-special needs like regular kid
okay okay
okay so they've got like one kid with uh
you know something like autism
and one regular kid and so um
uh you know like when the kids were
growing up like the parents had to spend
a lot more time
with like the special needs kid
understandably so
and like the family couldn't go on
vacations and stuff because like the kid
couldn't handle a flight
and so you know for the other kid it's
like you know their fam like you know
all their friends are going on vacation
like they're going to summer camp and
things like that and like he like missed
out on a lot of opportunities because
his parents had to take care of the
special needs kid
and it's not like the parents could have
done much different like maybe they
could have done a little bit different
and and even the you know the the normal
kid
understands that the parents were trying
to do their best
and it's still hurt yeah
right so there doesn't have to be blame
for there to be an acknowledgement of
hurt
and having that conversation where he
says like
you know i wish we could have done these
things growing up
and i really felt like hurt and like i
feel like i didn't have a regular
childhood
and it's really hard but having his
parents sit with that and say like
yeah we're sorry that we couldn't do
more for you we probably could have done
more and we
probably could have done a better job
but both parties sort of acknowledged
that like everyone was sort of doing the
best that they could
and it wasn't enough but when it comes
to feeling connected
you know hearing his parents say
like acknowledge that we sh we're sorry
we couldn't do more for you and that you
deserved more
even though we did our best yeah
and that really like helps people like
come together
that's true i i yeah i never really
thought to sit down like actually talk
about it with them but um because i'm
with me like i'm more of like when it
when it comes to like really like
like serious or like deep things i kind
of try to approach things in like a
casual way cause i'm like i don't i
i don't like being like all right let's
sit down let's we gotta talk like i
don't like being like that
i i don't know why i just i don't want
to be so serious
um but yeah i i next time
you know yeah i mean because like and
this is where like we can keep going as
far back as you want to we don't we
don't know anything about you before you
turn 20.
but this is where like you know wide are
you like that probably because there
have been experiences in your life
that taught you that that's like really
hard
because if we think about it being
really authentic and vulnerable with
someone is taking that wall down mm-hmm
right and so we know why you have the
wall now like that wall was really built
in that pizzeria
you know six years ago yeah
uh you know yeah right yeah and then you
added more
bricks on top during the dmca thing
for sure and then if we really think
about it like
we come back to the internet trolls and
like in those moments like what is it
that really bothers you
it's that like you felt like there were
fewer people defending you than
attacking you which once again
i think is like feeling alone it's like
there's so many people coming at me
and like where is everyone that was
supposed to support me
yeah yeah it's like
and i know it sounds dumb like just you
know i brought this up on stream
in in like a rage and people were just
like wow you're really hurt that like we
don't agree with your basketball take
and it's just like it's so much like
deeper than that
it's if you want to look at it like that
and be like an [ __ ] about it
then that's cool but yeah yeah
well sorry for for interrupting i really
shouldn't do that when you're on a roll
but
like that's exactly it right it's like
they don't connect with
you mm-hmm
it's like they they it's like holy crap
man like just what you said is like
that's it's the pizzeria all over again
it's i'm not trying to laugh at that
it's just
yeah no no but seriously it's like
you're trying to tell people what your
take is
and they're like hey bro you really
shouldn't be doing it that way and like
all these trolls on the
the internet are like they're they're
not listening to you
they're like listening to like they
think it's about lebron it's not about
lebron it's about like it's about you
yeah and and you know this
did i i want to go on here and not get
so
crazy deep but like there's one thing
that is pretty deep that i'll share
because and i don't
i think i've said this on stream before
but um
there was there was a time when
i literally put on my wall in my bedroom
i put like believe in me
i know that sounds really corny but it
was at a time in high school where
i was i was playing basketball and i
like did bad in
a couple classes and like i was like
might not be able to play
and i was really upset like my parents
were like mad and upset
and i was just like no no i'll you know
i'll fix this or something and and i
just was so i was just like really
emotional
and i just like put like believe in me
on my wall because i was just like
because i could sense they kind of like
doubted
that like i could like turn it around or
something and uh
it was um that i think i was like a
sophomore in high school
and um yeah they basically said like
yeah you have to get
you know do good on like this this this
all these tests to like get your grade
back to passing and i did it and i
accomplished it but
i just in that moment i felt like damn
like no one like believed in me
you know so i i i think when
maybe subconsciously when people don't
believe in me like the pizzeria or you
know like when i'm giving my opinion
i i i'm just like it's like a
frustrating thing i think i think it's a
frustrating thing
when um i'm so when i get like so
doubted
or so like disagreed with because um
i don't know i don't know why but that's
just
yeah that's just like a thing that's in
my head um
yep i'm with you bro because you didn't
write
believe in yourself on your wall
no you wrote believe in me
you're talking to someone else that
message was not for you
it was for other people yeah yeah
like i said i think this starts before
you turn 20.
so thanks for sharing that well yeah
that was definitely but yeah i was like
i think i was like 15.
when that happened um
yeah thinking more into it i think i'm
not trying to cut you off
um i think it's like a
feeling of not wanting to
like let people down
i think can i try to massage that a
little bit
yeah go ahead i think the weird thing
the weird thing about you was so i think
a lot of people don't want to let other
people down
i think the cool thing about you is that
it's not just about letting
people down it's actually knowing that
you're not gonna let them down
but them not being able to see it
well interesting
interesting
is it kind of like a thing like i'll
like i'll show you type of thing
or that because that's so wrong well i
mean that's what you've had to do
over and over and over again
nowhere throughout all of this deep
exploration
am i actually hearing you doubt yourself
yeah that's yeah that's true that's
crazy right
it's really interesting it's really
interesting
i don't know you're letting me like just
sit in the moment or just yell it over
but
that's that's an interesting
way to look at it
yeah because yeah i mean there's there's
there have there's just been times of
people doubting me but
i tr i truly have not doubted
like myself i don't know maybe i'm just
have blind delusion or
have like this like um just don't
devalue it
i'll do whatever it takes type thing i
don't know i don't i don't i i don't
know
what what causes that or would but
yeah i think i've had to do it a lot in
life
interesting
man i didn't want to see i didn't want
to check this deep
i'm you're good dude you're good
i don't
i don't know as i don't know how i don't
know what you mean by that like you
you're saying
like i you're good at what you do i know
okay okay i i i i because sometimes
people say like you're good like it's
okay keep going
right oh no it's like oh no no yeah i i
couldn't tell if
and then also like i didn't want to get
this deep and then i'm confused because
i
i don't know if i should say i'm sorry
or you're welcome
no both are appropriate
right you know and yeah
and lois like like so just to be clear
you know it takes two to tango
right so i can only do
you know what you let me do and like
you're the one
like you're the one who's like you're
the one who's going back right like
there are many
many times during this conversation
where you could have chosen not to go
deep but you you did
you know that's true that's true and and
so the thing is it's like
the way what we're talking about is just
unlocking things
you know that i don't really think about
daily yeah
so i think that's where i where i'm at
like you're you're good at that
yeah i am something of a lebron myself
in what way in doing this yeah
no yeah no for sure there's more
trolling
yeah just too good of a meme
to pass up but yeah so i i think you
know
like i i think there's a certain pacing
to this i mean if you want to keep going
and unlocking things i think that's okay
i think we've
basically kind of come up for air i
think you've connected a lot of dots um
i am letting you sit with things a
little bit more now
yeah and i i think kind of if you want
to we can talk kind of
com come back to the present a little
bit and think a little bit about how to
you know take these revelations and make
them a little bit more practical
okay or we can go deeper you know it
just sort of depends i feel like we've
sort of broken the tension at this point
but
um whatever you want to do just take the
lead and i'll
and i'll try to do my best so so then
i i think
i'm getting the sense that while you'd
be totally open to go deeper like maybe
we can just kind of pause there from
like the deep exploration standpoint
and just come back to your original
question
which is why do i have some days where i
kind of get frustrated and stuff like
this
so here here's the thing i i think that
like now that we've uncovered like
this theme right and the theme is sort
of
a sense of isolation that people don't
trust you
don't have faith in you and that like
you've tried to at times in your life
like communicate things to people
and what you needed in that moment was
like their faith and their trust
and and instead what you got was like
like not i mean they weren't like
abusive or anything right like they
weren't like mean to you or anything in
fact they were trying to do their best
yeah um and they were trying to do what
was right for you but they really
weren't like
emotionally kind of giving you what you
need and then even now you guys kind of
like joke about it like your friends
acknowledge that they were dumb
back in the pizzeria but like what you
didn't need them to be you didn't need
them to be
like smart you what you needed them to
be was like there for you
and like believe it like as you put on
your wall believe in me like that's what
you wanted from them
yeah um and and so now when we kind of
think about you know what's gonna
frustrate you
i think it's gonna be like when your
mind the thing that bothers you the most
and that's really gonna like transform
the way that your mind looks at the
outside world like whether you can just
laugh with the twitter trolls because
everyone knows like we're all just
playing games here
right i mean maybe some people are
really trying to be toxic but
i think for but but what happens is when
your mind starts to feel
like oh like i want this person to
believe in me and they're like not
believing in me
that's what i want you to look for
and then that that core feeling is going
to
manifest in all kinds of different ways
you're going to have a short temper
you're going to crack jokes you're going
to start putting up walls
yeah and then those that's what i think
is
is another question or if this is the
original but
why like that specifically
why is that bothering me
so much more than other things like why
is just
just not like believing in me or or
trusting what i say like why like why is
that
i don't i wish i wish it didn't yeah
yeah
like that yeah yeah so so i my answer is
gonna sound kind of weird but it's sort
of like
you know why does the iraq veteran
respond to the muffler going off instead
of a dog barking
it's because that's the experience that
hurt them
right so if you think about trauma and
ptsd like for example some you know
like female clients that i've had that
have been like sexually assaulted
their triggers are going to be different
from the triggers for a war veteran
okay so inside what personally has has
affected you
is what's always going to yeah either
yeah so like i have a scar like a tiny
little scar i don't know if you guys can
see it but i have a
tiny little scar right here it's barely
visible i've tiny little scar
why do i have the scar there
because that's where i got the b bite
when i was like six years old
right a b yeah it's a beasting
it left a scar yeah left scar oh well
yeah so i got a bee sting and it left a
scar but like why is the scar
there and so why does this particular
thing bother you because that's the
partic
that's it's like a psychological scar is
the way that you can think about it
right and where what determines where
this you know what the scar is and where
it is
depends on the injury
and so we can even go back like even
further than like sophomore year
because now what i'm hearing is like
this is some this is a part of you that
has been traumatized in this place
not just once but twice thrice
four times five times six times and so
with each particular injury
like that scar gets thicker and thicker
and thicker and bigger and bigger and
bigger
and it dominates more of your
psychological process
yeah um
i i think where it's happened
a lot where i could just think of is
um
maybe not before i stream well
definitely while i've been streaming
it's been you know it's been a lot of
trolls and a lot of just
whatever um you know whatever i say just
like complete doubt
like when i say when i saw you know i
don't want to bring up basketball again
but
it's a easy one but just me saying
uh just like oh i'll beat this guy
one-on-one or something just everyone
just completely just
just doubting it and just being like no
like you're bad you're
exactly just like and like
that kind of thing of just like just
completely doubting me and
and stuff i don't know that is that yeah
that just bothers me a lot yeah
um but but then again it's like
like i said there's days where a million
people could doubt
what i'm saying and it won't even affect
me so like that's where i'm trying to
like
figure out like what's well so so so i i
and and that's where i would we could
tunnel down further but i
i don't think that a million people uh
oh actually
here maybe here's here's the thing
because i think your
your trigger isn't just doubt of people
it's specifically the closest people
yeah yeah and so if it's my viewers and
like you know
the people who support me the most doing
it yeah it almost
hurts like a friend in a way it's the
same
kind of hurt it's a hurt loss that
you're very familiar with at this point
yeah right and and so i i think
as you start to pay attention like what
i want you to do is like on those days
where you feel
sad worried your mood is down where
you're back to that depression that you
tweeted about
what i would start with is is there a
part of me
that feels like someone should be
believing in me
and they're not
and this is where like i think anger is
maybe an easy thing to find because like
there's another question that i just
have burning in my mind
which is going to be completely out of
context but how many
freaking times do you have to prove
yourself before people start believing
in you
i think i man i i think
that that's a never-ending
journey i don't think that there's an
answer to that exactly
because that that's because the feeling
is that they don't have faith in you
right like do
you see that it's not even true it's
just like as long as that complex that
little nugget
that nomad because here's the other like
flip side of that
is like no matter what you do
if it's a never-ending journey it's a
battle you can never
never win and like just imagine what
that's like for you
like take a step out of your shoes for a
moment what's it like to live a life
where like
the people that are closest to you will
like never have faith in you
yeah and i don't i i really don't want
to think that no one in here
like none of my family or friends
believe that all
i'm just i was giving you the examples
of the ones that didn't like my parents
were supportive
no no i i i you know so so once again i
that's why i'm saying like let's be
non-judgmental because i
i know that you clearly have a fan base
family girlfriend that friends
streamer friends that in reality are
supportive
but what i'm pointing out to you is that
there's this like nugget of hardness in
your mind
that like i asked you this question how
many times do you have to do it before
they start believing you
and like you should go and watch the vod
you grinned
and you're like it feels like it's never
gonna be enough
because and and i man i don't want to do
this comparison let me think if i could
do a different comparison
i'll just put it like this i'll put it
like this i
let me preface this by saying i'm not
calling myself like
anything like i'm not comparing myself
to these people
i'm just i i think
a reason why i like lebron is he
is so hated on and like
so doubted that i root for him all the
time
to just prove people wrong like yeah
because i've been a fan of him while
everyone was hating him
and everyone was you know just
completely [ __ ] on him doubting him
so that's something i relate to so and
so some people are like oh wow you're
getting mad because people insult lebron
it's like
okay but like you dude no bro
bro you just you just blew the top off
of this lois
what do you think bro you just brew it
because like
what you're doing is you're like going
to lebron's rescue
when people are doing to him what they
do to you
because in those moments where everyone
is doubting him
and he's alone lois is like
f that i'm not going to let him be alone
and i'm going to believe in him
y'all don't understand like you guys
want to doubt lebron you all want to be
haters
i've got us back
that's that's really crazy
um yeah
that's a really therapeutic way to look
at this it's that's how i can put it
because i've never
thought about it like that why am i
defending him like this
um and i and i think it's just
yeah i think oh well
uh i don't know if this is embarrassing
or if this is like a good
i don't know what this is to be honest
uh
i don't know bro
i don't know i don't know i don't know
do you feel embarrassed
no i don't feel embarrassed i really
feel like wow like that makes a lot of
sense
and i also feel like
that a lot of i i think of
when i s when i see how i put this
it only makes me think more like wow
like when i when i see
people you know who are also on here
defending their favorite
whoever it is whether it's a musician or
a streamer
athlete whatever they must have some
kind of feeling of like
that same thing that you said like i
don't want like i'll be here to support
you you know because they felt
than not having support yep before
and i think that's why you know that's
why there's a lot of
i don't know like fans of
whatever um and you see a lot of people
defending and
you see like die hard you know accounts
like people defending people to the to
the end
you know because i think you might be
right i think that's like i think a lot
of people feel that same thing that i'm
feeling
yeah yeah i think i think your community
feels it too
that's why i think i think certain
people yeah they do come to your rescue
right
they're not going to let lois fight it
alone
you want to throw down with the twitter
trolls we'll throw down with you
and i you know there's something else i
could bring up too where
you know when it's when a typical stream
of mine it's it's jokes
people trolling but if there's a serious
thing going on like if there's like
an actual someone trying to come at me
or you know like a real thing it's like
a
a switch gets flipped and every single
one of those people
a hundred percent has my back and will
it literally at
like at times it felt like they would
like you know take a bullet for me
you know what i mean and um
so that's why i don't get so like upset
to the poor like oh i quit dude i'm done
with this
because i know that when it's for real
like that's what keeps me going is like
yeah you like i could be getting trolled
today but that's because it's about like
what like it's about like
basketball stats or you know i mean like
it's this isn't like an important thing
but if it's someone coming at me or
trying to threaten me or
you know them or like my livelihood or
something like that
i have all the support um
i think that's what's going to have
people believe in you
oh man i mean and i'm sure you could you
know this too like this
is like it's a it's an amazing feeling
it's an amazing feeling
um and it's it's a feeling i would love
to have all the time but i just
you know the way
my streams are and it's a lot it's a lot
about joking around and
and stuff there's going to be a lot of
trolling
and when there's trolling stuff can go
too far
and uh you know
it can get it can get taken too far and
yeah so lois i'm gonna
ask you how do you feel right now
i feel ugh man i don't know i don't know
i feel
i feel good i feel weirdly good yeah
i feel yeah i feel oddly good for like
getting to the bottom of this
you know this is what emotional you
remember i was telling you
like about like sort of dealing with
that subconscious emotion that you've
packed away
yeah this is what it feels like
so there's a period of time where you
sit with that emotion and it feels
really
like negative and crappy and it's like
actually i've been trying to avoid these
feelings
and as you work through it you feel the
way that you do now
which is like not just good but like
weirdly good
you know you kind of feel like lighter
like things are clear like nothing has
really changed but you like this is
literally what emotional
metabolism it's like you're taking like
this sandwich and your body is like
transforming it into your hair in your
blood
and your bones and so this is what
emotional metabolism looks like
yeah it it gives me like a second
strength almost or like a second
it gives me like
it uh i don't know just it boosts me
yeah
it boosts me yeah good that's what we're
here for man
what's okay so then i know you're
letting me linger
oh no i i was just sorry i
i mean what now
i don't know if it's a what now it's
just kind of like i don't want to
before we get off this if there's
anything else like you wanted
you know i don't want to like leave the
moment without
checking all the boxes yeah sure so
let's talk about let's talk about
practicalities for a second okay
so i think the first thing is like some
of the emotional work has already been
done
so good job i'm glad you're feeling
better right so we've talked through
some of this stuff
you've understood a lot about the
connections now how to move forward i'd
say the main thing is that like as you
kind of just by all means like process
like go for a walk or something i highly
recommend
it's what i do after i stream like if i
can i'll just like
walk for a little while um and just kind
of like digest and
and things like that but i think
practically
you know for you i think the key things
to look out for
are going to be like this vulnerability
or this scar like popping up
and the thing is it's not gonna you know
the whole point of doing these like
realizing stuff is that
in your day-to-day experience you didn't
recognize that this is what it was
but now that you recognize it each time
it happens you can work through it a
little bit more
and it'll actually start to free you
from that
mood in the same way that like we we
actually
purposefully brought you to the dark
place
and then you were sitting in the dark
place and now we've taught
you how to move from the dark place to
this other place
not by walling it off but by working
through it
and each time you do that the dark place
gets a little bit smaller and you get
better at leaving
it so like for me or for maybe other
people in the chat
if they don't have you to talk to like
someone who's
clearly professional how do you do that
with yourself is there like is it just
you know well i mean so because we're
kind of bouncing ideas off each other
sure well i mean so so there are ways to
do it by yourself i don't think they're
as effective as working with another
human being yeah which is like
literally why i don't know if people
know this but we have a coaching program
at healthy gamer
where we have about 60 coaches that i
started training in november of 2019
and our coaches are awesome and they do
this kind of work with people
and and i'm also like sort of an
academic and and have done a lot of
research and stuff
so we have like a pretty robust robust
research part of our coaching program
which um so we test outcomes so we
actually do is like we measure
the efficacy of our coaches against me
actually
and what we find is that our coaches are
actually pretty good and our outcomes
are comparable
um okay and you know i'm not going to
say that they're me but like
it is my belief that if you want to do
this work
having someone to bounce ideas off of
is actually like really really effective
now if you want to do it on your own i
think this is where like developing a
good meditation practice
or doing some amount of like reflection
and journaling and like just going for
walks
um you know there are other things that
you can do but i in my experience
you know meditation and journaling isn't
someone
like they just they aren't responsive
right it's sort of like exactly what you
said about youtube versus twitch like
what's the difference like both of them
have people talking
but one platform is like responsive
so you move faster than you would on
your own
yeah so practically like you could go
you know meditate like go to a
meditation retreat or something like
that but like the whole reason that we
developed the coaching program is
because
i you know i know i'm good and all but
like frankly like
what i do can be taught right and that's
what we set out to do is to train 60
other people
we've helped about 2 000 people from the
twitch community at this point
and you know you know and so i think
that like you don't have to do it alone
and the answer isn't to do it alone and
for you by the way i don't know if you
know this but
you know twitch actually like if you
want to work with a coach
um twitch is sponsoring that so you can
assuming you're partnered um yeah
but so we have a coaching program where
we support our creators
around creator specific issues so like
these things about like you know
having people around you not understand
what you're going through and things
like that
what we've heard from a lot of our
creator coaches and and even people in
our
regular coaching program is that they'll
actually go see a therapist
but the therapist doesn't understand
that's yeah um but
you know i yeah lois i think that like
you can do it on your own i just i mean
the reason that we do this is
because i think it's more that's why
this is so good and it's just so
interesting
what you do because it's so unique
because you understand twitch like you
you're a streamer like
yeah so it's a really like you have the
perspective
um so when when i do bring up things
about dmc
this isn't like foreign language to you
so yeah no i i i appreciate what you're
doing i i like i said i
watched the show many times and i think
uh all you guys in the chat should
follow if you're not already followed
but
yeah i uh yeah no that's that sounds
like a great idea
sounds great with the coaching are you
interested in learning a little bit
about meditation i mean you may be
experienced or meditate already
i've nev i don't think i've ever
meditated in my life
um i i don't i i
might have a slight adhd i'm not
diagnosed i don't know
but like i'll start reading a book and
i'll
be like reading the book i'll get to the
second page and not know what i just
read for an entire
like that's kind of level so like when i
try to sit there in silence
it kind of just you know just ends in
like 30 seconds or something
are you telling me that you're not good
at meditation
i i don't i i i don't know i i think
i've tried
but i it's i believe in you most you
believe
hey i mean i'll if you have any tips
i'll i'll i'll try man
you know what i'm hearing this is the
first time i'm hearing something
from you which is that maybe you don't
believe in yourself so i'm going to
choose to believe in you
and i'm gonna say that no matter how
adhd you are i think you can learn how
to meditate
okay have you been taught how to
meditate
um no okay
probably not properly no so this is
where like i'm i'm
asking you lois do you know how to ride
a bike and you're like well i'm not so
sure
my balance isn't so good i'm like you've
ever been did anyone teach you how to
ride a bike you're like not really and
then i'm like well
that makes it makes sense so so i think
it's fine if you're a little bit adhd
so i'm going to give you a choice okay
and what we can also do is try two
techniques
if you want to today i'm going to give
you a choice one
is going to be sort of like an
introductory technique that'll get you a
little bit used to meditating
maybe address a little bit of your
adhdness
and will help in the moment
it kind of calming your mind down and
um also like letting go of a little bit
of that anger and frustration
so you know like when you're in those
moods where things are bothering you
my hope is that this technique will sort
of like
almost like a tiny little xanax just
like
change your mood okay that's one
technique
the second technique that i would offer
you is a little bit more long-term
so it's not really about calming you
down in the moment
it's a technique that you can do on a
regular basis when you are relatively
calm
that will help the process of this
emotional digestion
of this scar that you have which one do
you want
let's let's do the let's start with uh
when when i need to meditate like when i
when i'm feeling like
i need to calm down yeah good okay so um
so what i want you to do is sit up
straight
okay now i'm going to teach you
a a technique that we do a fair amount
on stream which is alternate nostril
breathing which is going to sound kind
of weird but basically
what we're gonna do is we're gonna block
one nostril
and breathe in through the other nostril
okay and and then i'll show you so i'm
gonna breathe in through this nostril
and then we're gonna block the other
nostril and we're gonna breathe out
through the other one
okay so i know it sounds kind of weird
and then what we're gonna do is breathe
in through this one
switch back and then breathe out so it's
gonna be in
out in switch
out in switch out
in switch out so it's like half of the
breath
gets done through each nostril
okay okay so let me just show you okay
so i'm gonna
block my right nostril breathe in
now switch and breathe out
in through the same nostril
switch and out
switch out
in
good out
switch out
in
switch out beautiful now continue
your own pace for about 60 seconds
i'll tell you when to stop
she's
my
do
is am i hypnotized right now i don't
know what's happening
what do you mean i just like i could
have just fell asleep i'm not gonna lie
could have just fallen asleep
what were you thinking about i was just
completely calm i was very calming
sounds like you meditated wow
wow
it's that it's that wow
so i don't have to sit there like with
my hand like
in a pretzel okay
no i believe in you loss
wow i appreciate it that was
is it is it so like the science behind
is it like the focusing on what you're
doing
where like you can't even focus anything
else you're just focusing on how you're
breathing like hot
is that that's pretty okay yeah exactly
look at how quickly you figured it out
so
a little bit explanation okay
i was just surprised because no one no
one's ever
stopped and been had that profound of an
effect like that quickly it was like wow
okay
so cool um so it seems like it really
worked for you which means we found a
good technique for you good job
so a couple of things about the science
of meditation the first is that
meditating successfully is not
contorting yourself
into a particular meditation technique
it's finding the right kind of
meditation technique
for your mind okay so you told me that
you were a little bit like
distractible just to touch adhd
so the meditation that technique that's
gonna work for you
is one that demands some of your
attention
okay so it's like it's like a little bit
tricky to keep track
right it's not like so hard but you
gotta like
focus on it yeah right it doesn't happen
on autopilot
and when you demand the attention of
your mind on one particular thing
it sort of there's no room for other
thoughts
so remember your problem is that you're
carrying around all of this stuff
and you don't have room for anything
else so when you do this technique
what your mind automatically has to do
is put everything else down
yeah and when you put everything else
down
you're like whoa i feel calm
because subconsciously you're carrying
all this stuff around
and then like you basically do this
technique and your mind
sets like just imagine like hiking with
this like 50 pound backpack
and for 60 seconds you set the backpack
down you're like whoa i could have
fallen asleep
so why is it that and maybe some people
can but
i haven't figured out how to do this why
is it that i can't just
do that like why can't i just sit down
take a
take a deep breath and just not have a
care like why
because you haven't been taught how
okay okay short answer
simple answer you know i just put you on
a bike
i held it a little bit and you started
pedaling and you're like
why can't everyone just ride bikes it's
because you need to
be taught okay right this is naturally
is just
can wipe their mind like that's
arguably there may be people out there
who
are more you know better at that like
there are some
depending on which tradition you you
kind of like listen to like
some people think that the dalai lama
for example is essentially born like
pseudo-enlightened
and so there may be like three-year-olds
that can do this i don't really know
but you know i think that this is like
like
los this is a skill that you can acquire
right and this is why when people like
meditate on a regular basis
they become more productive they become
happier
you know i think i just need a medic i
think yeah i think i just need to
learn how to meditate yeah well now you
know
so the next challenge for you is going
to be anchoring your practice so that
you do it on a regular basis
right so i'd say three to five minutes
three days a week
is your first goal eventually if you can
work your way up to 20 minutes
that's where the research shows that
your brain will literally start to
rewire itself
and you'll learn how to do things like
let go like your brain will be more
automatic
it's going to be bizarre i'm telling you
you're going to be
in one of these episodes where you're
pissed off and then some part of your
brain is like
whoa take a deep breath it's not that
big of a deal
these are the things that you already
tell yourself they're just gonna start
working
and that's because your neurons are
gonna change
and they're gonna be capable of letting
things go
okay you're gonna practice putting down
the backpack
over and over and over again for three
to five minutes a day
three days a week and then you're gonna
learn how to put down the backpack
yeah before i wrote this down i don't
this is
really i don't know this yeah it's kind
of on topic
um but no i guess it has to do with some
sort of meditation
it do you um do
can people get hypnotized is that is
hypnosis a thing
it does have anything to do with any
kind of practice or is that just
like a myth no no so hypnotism is real
so so so hypnotism is like it's the
answer is yes people can get hypnotized
so here's what the science says about
hypnosis
so the first is that there's a wide
variety of susceptibility to hypnosis
okay so some people are more likely to
become hypnotized than others
willingness to become hypnotized is a
big
part of whether hypnosis is successful
or not
so i don't think you can like i've never
seen any convincing scientific evidence
that you can like mind control someone
through hypnosis
but essentially yeah that's why i didn't
even want to ask because i'm like
alright this probably sounds really dumb
so
okay yeah hey like dude i think it's
like one of my favorite questions i've
ever gotten on stream
exactly okay so so and if we think about
it you know how does hypnosis work
yeah this is where uh it's kind of i
mean i can explain this in a second but
in a couple of seconds but if we think
about studying okay so like let's say
i'm trying to study
depending on how much activity there is
in my conscious mind
okay let me just let's take a step back
so when i talk about studying let's
think about what that means i read
something
i think about it actively for a second
and then what i want to do is take that
information and implant it into my
unconscious mind
so after i'm done at the library i close
the book i go hang out with my friends i
play some games
the next day i have my test i'm not
thinking about whatever i studied right
i'm just living my life
i see a question on the test and then
poof out of my unconscious mind
comes the answer does that make sense
like when i read the question that's
when the answer comes into my conscious
mind
this might be a whole different problem
but i'm sure that makes sense to a lot
of people
me i always had some sort of problem
studying but that's
that's probably completely yeah so so
it's on topic because we'll talk about
why you had a problem studying in a
second
i'm saying theoretically if we think
about it like when i study something
i'm actively thinking about it and then
my hope is that the active thinking will
like get stored
on my hard drive and then like later on
that information can be recalled and
pulled up that's the goal of studying
right
yeah so if we think about it we have our
conscious mind where we're thinking
and we have our unconscious mind where
like our thought like
all our knowledge is stored so then the
next thing
is that what are the ways in which we
can implant things into our unconscious
mind if i try to study and my mind is
distracted
how much do you learn
not at all right exactly and so if your
mind is super calm how easy is it to
study
if your mind is clear yeah it's so much
easier to put things in there
exactly so let's think about what
hypnosis is
hypnosis is a technique to intentionally
and quickly
completely calm that conscious layer of
mind
so that you can stick something into the
unconscious
and then once it's stuck in the
unconscious it starts to like
work automatically right so when people
get hypnotized
you like tell them something like oh
you're now
a woman who's late for a work
appointment
and then like when they wake up their
unconscious mind is like
pushing thoughts into their conscious
mind oh my god i'm late for my
appointment and i'm a woman
and then they start freaking out and
everyone on stage like laughs and it's
really funny and they got hypnotized and
thinking that they were a woman
and then the hypnotist is like when i
snap my fingers you'll be back to who
you are and they snap their fingers and
they kind of back to who they are
so like in your opinion that's a real
thing that happens people do that's not
a magic trick
no it's not a magic trick it's just
there's a wide variety there's a wide
range of hip
like hypnotic suggestibility and people
use hypnosis
in therapy a fair amount right so like
if you look at like where is hypnosis
actually used in a way that is not a
stage performance
there are hypnotherapists and the goal
of hypnotherapy
is to calm down that that surface level
mind so that you can access things
like repressed memories and like things
like that
i mean i do that in sort of a slightly
different way whereas like i ask you
leading questions
and i know like i sniff something out
and i'll ask you a question and then
like
just think about this conversation go
back and watch it some random story pops
into your head
and then another random story pops into
your head right like where do those
stories come from
like they've always been buried in your
subconscious we're just bringing them
out in sort of an intentional way
and so it's still like hypnotism just
sort of like
you know if i had hypnotized you and
then asked you particular questions
maybe you would have like other
like less defended things like even on
stream you're probably like a little bit
you know you talked about going deep so
the purpose of hypnotism
is to help people go deep faster okay
yeah and there's a lot of like
similarities but a couple of key
important differences from the
meditative state of mind and the
hypnotic state of mind i frankly think
that meditation is just essentially
superior like i think it's more
consistent
more people can do it there's less
variability and it leads to there's more
data that suggests that it's like
more helpful than hypnotism yeah
yeah i've heard of so many people
talking about
uh meditating i i mean i have a
grandmother who
always like tells me i should be
meditating and i just i'm like okay
yeah grandma like you know i mean like
but it's kind of like
i you know this actually helps people
i just have been i don't know i've been
i've been lazy
or i don't know no no maybe i just
didn't want to look into it i don't know
no no no no listen listen lois you just
have never had the opportunity to learn
okay yeah that's it's as simple as that
you're not you didn't you're not lazy or
anything it's just like
like it's kind of weird because everyone
just talks about meditation but like no
one
teaches it to you it's like man like
i've seen people riding bikes all the
time people
wake up when they're 26 and they're like
you know what i'm gonna learn how to
ride a bike
yeah like that person isn't lazy it's
just like you gotta give someone a bike
and you gotta be like hey man you want
to like hop on this bike and learn how
to ride
and then you're like it was like kind of
ignorance on my partner just not
knowing that oh you had to learn like i
i just thought it's just like
yeah okay so yeah yeah
yeah cool so you want to just tell us a
little bit about yourself and and where
people can find you
just before you wrap up for the day yeah
no so i'm
i los polos tv that's what i go by on
on everything and uh i try to i try to
stream
daily but you know when i when i when i
get back in the depression
i'm gonna stop saying that actually i'm
gonna stop saying get back impression
but yeah sometimes i'm just not in the
mood but
mostly i stream mostly i stream uh daily
on lowest post tv so yeah cool
i i appreciate you having me on this was
really
interesting and uh it's i'm already
starting to think about some things
differently to be honest good well
that's what we're here for and i really
appreciate you coming on
you know i i know we sometimes reach out
to people um when they're having a bad
time and
and um you know i'm glad you you decided
to to join us today because i think like
not only did you
hopefully benefit from this but i think
a lot of the things that you talked
about
you know hopefully a lot of our
community can resonate with
in terms of building walls you know like
believing in yourself and not having
other people believe in you i think
those are really common themes that
people struggle with
so thank you so much for sharing and
going deep man
thank you for unlocking unlocking some
memories and
and uh and doing what you do i
appreciate your most you're most welcome
bro
good luck to you all right man thank you
shout out to you guys
in the chat all right adios
[Music]
you already both of these nuts or gargle
on these nuts